Update SETUP.md doc for Ubuntu using EC2 instance (#53048)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: SETUP.md

1. Request and Configure AWS access (code.org staff) or configure local secrets (open source contributors). See [Configure AWS Access or Secrets](#configure-aws-access-or-secrets) below. This step is not required until rake is first run below, but staff may wish to submit the request first so its ready when rake is.

1. Install OS-specific prerequisites

>    - See the appropriate section below: [macOS](#macos), [Ubuntu](#ubuntu-1804), [Windows](#windows)

Author: Fixed Ubuntu hyperlink.

* Option C: Use an Amazon EC2 instance:
  1. Request AWS access from [accounts@code.org](mailto:accounts@code.org) if you haven't already done so.
  1. From the [EC2 Homepage](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2), click on "Launch Instance" and follow the wizard:

>      * **Step 1: Choose AMI**: Select Ubuntu Server 18.04 (20.04 or 22.04 is fine as well but 22.04 does require extra setup steps explained later in the setup.)

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer to phrase it in a way that doesn't so strongly encourage people to use 18.04, particularly since we're planning to update our servers in the hopefully near future. Something like:

```suggestion
     * **Step 1: Choose AMI**: Select Ubuntu Server 18.04 if you want to match our current server version; 20.04 or 22.04 both work fine as well but 22.04 does require extra setup steps explained later in the setup.
```

Author: Thanks! Just updated.

- Memory: minimum of 8GB RAM for `dashboard-server` and `yarn`
- Storage: The repository takes up 20GB

> [ubuntu-iso-url]: https://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04/

Author: Updated download URL - old one was 'Not Found'.

Reviewer: I think we do still want to link directly to the ISO at https://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04/ubuntu-18.04.6-desktop-amd64.iso; either that or update the name of this link and also the places we're referencing it to describe this as a link to an Ubuntu 18.04 downloads landing page rather than the iso itself.

Author: Thanks! - updated to working ISO link.
